INSTALLATION
Installing vscode was pretty easy just went to the browser and then asked for then entered 
https://code.visualstudio.com/download and then choose the windows option due to me using
windows and that is that.
There really werent any prerequisites needed just make sure to read some of the offered options

I first looked for set up my terminal so it works with the vscode. After the terminal
i set up git and downloaded that extension thats is all i need for now we build as we go.

VsCode activity bar is mainly holds other sections of vscode such as extensions, and explorer.
Status bar shows you the status of your git hub whether or not there is a pull request and other information.
Side bar is for navigation between files and directories.
In vscode An editor group allows us to edit code more fluently essentially its when the editor is split. 

COMMAND Palette
Command Palettes in vscode enables users to find and apply commands.
They can be accessed on through View > Command Palettes.
The command pallete can be used to add cursor any direction or focus on a certain output

Extensions
Extensions are tools that make development easier for developers they help is automation, code monitoring and other things.
You can find and manage extensions on the activity bar Extension or pressing ctrl shift X.
Some examples of extensions that help in web development are auto close tag, Prettier and Gitlens

Terminal
To access the terminal in vs code you can go to the Command Palette search up
View: Toggle Intergrated Terminal and select it. 
You can navigate between files and directories easily using the side bar

Management of files and directories
The side bar is used for the management of files and directories if needed you can
manually create new files and directories via left click and open the folder with vs code another
way is to user the terminal with the commands cd, ls, find, etc to manage the files and directories.

Settings
At the bottom of your activity bar the setting menu is found you click it
and go to < setting there you have access to the themes and keybind manupulation.
You can also change fonts and other things.
By clicking on the < theme panel in settings other options are given to you so you can change the theme.

Debugging features
Set breakpoints for focusing on a line of code.
call stack for viewing the call stack and navigating through function calls.

Source control
You can install gitlens for some autor changes and commits monitoring.
you have to work with the terminal and configure git there to commit changes easily.
After the changes you can add and commit your code then push to a repository. 
